Update Cumulus Distribution docs based on CSDA Cognito experience (#2423)
nasa/cumulus: docs/deployment/cumulus-distribution.md

 4. Rename `cumulus-template-deploy/cumulus-tf/cumulus_distribution.tf.example` to `cumulus-template-deploy/cumulus-tf/cumulus_distribution.tf`.
 5. Set the Cumulus Distribution variables in your `terraform.tfvars` (which is based on [terraform.tfvars.example](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-template-deploy/blob/master/cumulus-tf/terraform.tfvars.example)). These include:

- `deploy_cumulus_distribution`: Set to `true` if deploying the Cumulus Distribution API or `false` if deploying TEA.
- `cumulus_distribution_url`: Used to override the base URL for your distribution API that will be inserted in CMR metadata. This can be used if you need to insert a port in your distribution URL for port forwarding or specify a Cloudfront URL for distribution. Not all users will need to set this and, if you do require it, it will need to be set _after_ an initial deployment. The process would be:
  1. Deploy once without `cumulus_distribution_url` set

>   2. If necessary, redeploy with the correct value a `cumulus_distribution_url`. For port forwarding/tunnel based access, you might set `cumulus_distribution_url = "https://abc123.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:7000/dev/". If you want to direct distribution to a Cloudfront URL that you registered for your API Gateway, you would set that for `cumulus_distribution_url`: `cumulus_distribution_url = https://abc123.cloudfront.net`.

Reviewer: "correct value a `cumulus_distribution_url`" should be "correct value of `cumulus_distribution_url`" (i.e., "a" should be "of")

Reviewer: There are enough complexities with setting up `cumulus_distribution_url` that I believe it deserves a separate section in the doc to describe the necessities.

Specifically, there are details of tunneling that should be provided, if using the private api gateway URL, and there are also details of using a cloudfront url that should also be provided, otherwise, with only these current details, without prior knowledge of the remaining details, this is not enough information to get either one working.

I will separately provide the gory details that are missing here, which I had to uncover during my attempts to use each approach.

- `csdap_client_id`: The Client ID of your AWS account's Cognito setup, which is created and managed outside of Cumulus.
- `csdap_client_password`: The client password for your AWS account's Cognito setup, which is created and managed outside of Cumulus.

> - `csdap_host_url`: The host URL of your AWS account's Cognito setup, which is created and managed outside of Cumulus.

Reviewer: Although these values are managed outside of Cumulus, I strongly recommend adding some sort of note here indicating who should be contacted in order to obtain these values.

The "who" shouldn't be a specific person, but rather, which team, specifically the team who would know what a user is referring to when asking about how to obtain these values for a Cumulus deployment.

Otherwise, someone reading these documents is left wondering (blocked on) how to obtain these values and who to contact to obtain them.

- any others under the `Cumulus Distribution Variables` section in the example

## S3 Bucket Mapping

> An S3 Bucket map allows users to abstract bucket names. If the bucket names change at any point, only the bucket map would need to be updated instead of every S3 link.

Reviewer: Please provide a link to more details regarding bucket mapping.  This is not enough information to understand how to configure bucket mapping, nor to the specific details of how the mapping impacts things. 

I believe there is a link on the page describing deployment with TEA, so perhaps at least copy that link to this page as well, as a user reading this page may very well never end up reading the TEA page, and thus not find the link to the bucket mapping details.

 4. Rename `cumulus-template-deploy/cumulus-tf/cumulus_distribution.tf.example` to `cumulus-template-deploy/cumulus-tf/cumulus_distribution.tf`.
 5. Set the Cumulus Distribution variables in your `terraform.tfvars` (which is based on [terraform.tfvars.example](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-template-deploy/blob/master/cumulus-tf/terraform.tfvars.example)). These include:

- `deploy_cumulus_distribution`: Set to `true` if deploying the Cumulus Distribution API or `false` if deploying TEA.

> - `cumulus_distribution_url`: Used to override the CloudFront/API Gateway URL. This can be used if you need to insert a port for port forwarding. Not all users will need to set this and, if you do require it, it will need to be set _after_ an initial deployment. The process would be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cumulus_distribution_url`: Used to override the base URL for your distribution API that will be inserted in CMR metadata. This can be used if you need to insert a port in your distribution URL for port forwarding or specify a Cloudfront URL for distribution. Not all users will need to set this and, if you do require it, it will need to be set _after_ an initial deployment. The process would be:
```

  1. Deploy once without `cumulus_distribution_url` set

>   2. Note the API Gateway or CloudFront URL that's provided for the new Cumulus Distribution API after a successful deployment
>   3. Enter that URL plus a port for `cumulus_distribution_url`. e.g. `cumulus_distribution_url = "https://abc123.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:7000/dev/"`

Reviewer 2: Not everyone will be doing port forwarding and we need to be clearer that it's not the only case. Also a Cloudfront URL isn't provided, it's something you would have to setup manually

```suggestion
  2. If necessary, redeploy with the correct value a `cumulus_distribution_url`. For port forwarding/tunnel based access, you might set `cumulus_distribution_url = "https://abc123.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:7000/dev/". If you want to direct distribution to a Cloudfront URL that you registered for your API Gateway, you would set that for `cumulus_distribution_url`: `cumulus_distribution_url = https://abc123.cloudfront.net`.
```

> - `csdap_client_id`: The Client ID of your AWS account's Cognito setup. Created and managed outside of Cumulus.
> - `csdap_client_password`: The client password for your AWS account's Cognito setup. Created and managed outside of Cumulus.
> - `csdap_host_url`: The host URL of your AWS account's Cognito setup. Created and managed outside of Cumulus.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `csdap_client_id`: The Client ID of your AWS account's Cognito setup, which is created and managed outside of Cumulus.
- `csdap_client_password`: The client password for your AWS account's Cognito setup, which is created and managed outside of Cumulus.
- `csdap_host_url`: The host URL of your AWS account's Cognito setup, which is created and managed outside of Cumulus.
```

Author: Complete sentences, eh? 😄
